Agile  module /Agile Methodology /Agile process.
------------------------------------------------
It is an Iterative and Incremental Approch.
Agile is an Iterative and Incremental Process.

Agile Principles
----------------
1) Customer no need to wait for long time.
2) We develop, test and release peice of software to the customer with few number of features.
3) We can accept/accomodate requirement changes.

There will be good communication between Customer, Business Analyst, Developers & Testers.

Advantages:
----------------------
Requirement changes are allowed in any stage of development or We can accommdate Requirment changes in the middle of development.
Release will be very fast( Weekly).
Customer no need to wait for long time.
Good communication between team.
It is very easy module to adopt.


Disadvantages:
-----------------
Less focus on design and documentation since we deliver software very faster.

Scrum
-------------------
Scrum is a framework through which we build software product by following Agile Principles.
Scrum includes group of people called as Scrum team. Normally contains 5-9 members.

1) Product Owner
2) Scrum Master
3) Dev Team
4) QA Team

Product Owner:
	Define the feature of the product
	Prioritize features according to market value
	Adjust features and priority every iteration, as needed
	Accept or reject work result

Scrum Master:
	The main role is facilitationg and driving the agile process.

Developers and QA:
	Develop and Test the software.

Scrum Terminology
------------------
User Story : A Feature/Module in a software

Epic : Collection of user stories.

Product backlog : Contains list of user stories. Prepared by product owner.

Sprint/Iterartion : Period of time to complete the user stories, decided by product owner and team, usually 2-4 weeks of time.

Sprint planning meeting: Meeting conduct with the team to define what can be delivered in the sprint and duration.

Sprint backlog : List of committed stories by Dev/QA for specific sprint

Scrum meeting : Meeting conduct by Scrum Master everyday 15 mins. Called as scrum call/Standup meeting.
	What did you do yesterday?
	What will you do today?
	Are there any impediments in your way?

Sprint retrospective meeting: conducts meeting after completion of. The entire team, including both the ScrumMaster and the product owner should participate.

Story point : Rough estimation of user stories, will be given by Dev & QA in the form of Fibonacci series.

0 1 1 2 3 5 8 ....

1 story point = 1 hour/1 day(6-8 hours)

Login -----> Dev-5 QA-3 = 8 Hours/ 1 Day

Burndown chart : Shows how much work remining in sprint. Maintained by the scrum master daily.
